# 2.2.0 Participation

# 2.2.1 Keypair as Identity
On this library, anyone can create an identity to start contributing with by generating a valid Keypair. That command looks something like this:

`ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"`

This generates two keys, one public and one private. The public key can be shared with anyone, the private key is kept private, known only to the owner of the identity.

Any user can have multiple identities. A keypair can represent a group.

_Every_ service on the library is expected to associate all actions with an identity via their ID (described below). Initiailly we'll assemble a textual guide for working with identities from currently available resources, and over time assemble a series of libraries

# 2.2.2 Key Hash as unique Identifier
Each identity will also have a unique identifier, which will be generated by taking the sha2-256 hash of their public key. This is lifted directly from the IPFS docs, and is awesome. It means that any user can generate a their own unique ID, which we can 

# 2.2.3 Interopability
Using keypairs as the basis for identies also means that we can directly inter-operate with other services. For example, u sers can use the same keypair that they sign information with to start an IPFS node, or to publish a DAT project.

While this interoperation will be relegated to avance users at first, over time, we'll get better & better at reusing keys to reward long-lived identities.

# 2.2.4 Web-based identities
Telling a "non-technical person" to _open up a a terminal window & generate an RSA key_ goes against the goal of broad usability. To mitigate this, we'll write an identity-management service that will generate & store keypairs for working with various services via the web. This project will be super-duper encrypted and stuff, and is the only candidate for being closed-source on account of security risks. As such this service should be scoped to be as small as possible.

Thankfully, this service will by no means be the only method of participation in the library, users who are comfortable with the command line can generate identities without ever submitting information to a central source.

# 2.2.5 Associating information with a keypair
Finally, we'll write a service for users who wish to provide contextualizing information for an identity.
